Movie is  good


It's just a masterpiece, everything is looking pretty good!

It is not worth it.

It is overrated movie

Right in the beginning, you know how the movie is going to end...the good guys are going to win. How anti-climactic that was.. The stage is not set right (half of all humanity is gone, but the enormity of that is not explored...)...when you have Thanos give his explanation as to why he did what he did, I found myself thinking - well, he actually has a point. In the meanwhile, every single superhero is given time to fight, say some cute things, some say a few smart things, a few even manage to say profoundly philosophical statements.The quantum physics explanations used to explain how things are done, are plainly non sense.they just made stuff up as they went on. Alls well that ends well. Except we spent 3 hours to find that out.

boring, bored, boredom - what a mess of a movie

Cheap dialogs, non sense violence. The only thing the movie has to offer is explosions. Is it really that hard to make quality superhero movies? Look at Christopher Nolan's series of Batman movies, those are quality films. This movie is flat, it can be consumed as fast food, nothing to offer really

Overated, boring nonsense! Infinity war set me up for what I thought was going to be the best marvel movie ever but end game felt like it was trying too hard to please everyone! Instead of just being a really good marvel movie. The plot holes were a big part of the disappointment for me.

An experience you'll gonna remember forever.

Amazing, but the more I dwell on it the worse it becomes

Could have been better

Wow! What an amazing, beautiful, and bittersweet movie

 yes, it is really enjoyable with almost everything that makes a good animated movie. The force in every punches, badass fights although fails a bit short, beautiful art,... Not a rollercoaster of emotions it tries to be however the ending did touch me a bit.

What a great finale

Loved it

Amazing Movie

This was a awesome and excellent cartoon. Very deep and very sad! U must see it. Just wow!

Just EPIC

Thanks for everyone who contribute to made this masterpiece.

Will remember this movie for a long time
